[HOPSWORKS.AI-DOC] update aws getting started (#155)
logicalclocks/feature-store-api: docs/hopsworksai/aws/getting_started.md

  </figure>
</p>

## Step 2: Creating and configuring a storage

The Hopsworks clusters deployed by hopsworks.ai store their data in an S3 bucket in your AWS account.

> To enable this you need to create an S3 bucket and an instance profile to give the Hopsworks cluster nodes access to the bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this you need to create an S3 bucket and an instance profile to give cluster nodes access to the bucket.
```

> ### Step 2.1: Creating a S3 bucket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2.1: Creating an S3 bucket
```

Proceed to the [S3 Management Console](https://s3.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/home) and click on *Create bucket*:

> create-s3-bucket-1

Reviewer: Is this on purpose there?

<p align="center">
  <figure>
    <a  href="../../../assets/images/hopsworksai/aws/create-s3-bucket-1.png">
      <img src="../../../assets/images/hopsworksai/aws/create-s3-bucket-1.png" alt="Create a S3 bucket">
    </a>

>     <figcaption>Create a S3 bucket</figcaption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <figcaption>Create an S3 bucket</figcaption>
```

  </figure>
</p>

> Name your bucket and select the in which you want to run your Hopsworks cluster. Click on *Create bucket* at the bottom of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Name your bucket and select the region where your Hopsworks cluster will run. Click on *Create bucket* at the bottom of the page.
```

<p align="center">
  <figure>
    <a  href="../../../assets/images/hopsworksai/aws/create-s3-bucket-2.png">
      <img src="../../../assets/images/hopsworksai/aws/create-s3-bucket-2.png" alt="Create a S3 bucket">
    </a>

>     <figcaption>Create a S3 bucket</figcaption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <figcaption>Create an S3 bucket</figcaption>
```

    </a>
    <figcaption>Create a Hopsworks cluster, general information</figcaption>
  </figure>
</p>

Select the *SSH key* that you want to use to access cluster instances:

<p align="center">
  <figure>
    <a  href="../../../assets/images/hopsworksai/aws/connect-aws-ssh.png">
      <img src="../../../assets/images/hopsworksai/aws/connect-aws-ssh.png" alt="Choose SSH key">
    </a>
    <figcaption>Choose SSH key</figcaption>
  </figure>
</p>

Select the *Instance Profile* that you created above and click on *Review and Submit*:

<p align="center">
  <figure>
    <a  href="../../../assets/images/hopsworksai/aws/connect-aws-profile.png">
      <img src="../../../assets/images/hopsworksai/aws/connect-aws-profile.png" alt="Choose the instance profile">
    </a>
    <figcaption>Choose the instance profile</figcaption>
  </figure>
</p>

Review all information and select *Create*:

<p align="center">
  <figure>
    <a  href="../../../assets/images/hopsworksai/aws/connect-aws-review.png">
      <img src="../../../assets/images/hopsworksai/aws/connect-aws-review.png" alt="Review cluster information">
    </a>
    <figcaption>Review cluster information</figcaption>
  </figure>
</p>

> The cluster will start. This might take a few minutes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cluster will start. This will take a few minutes:
```

  </figure>
</p>

> As soon as the cluster has started, you will be able to log in to your new Hopsworks cluster with the username and password provided. You will also able to stop, restart, or terminate the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As soon as the cluster has started, you will be able to log in to your new Hopsworks cluster with the username and password provided. You will also be able to stop, restart, or terminate the cluster.
```
